Release notes on Docker Desktop 3.6.0 (#13321)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-windows/release-notes.md

{% include eula.md %}

## Docker Desktop 3.6.0
2021-08-10

### New

- You can now create a Dev Environment from your local git repository
- Add sorting to volume list
- Add name search to volumes list

### Upgrades

- [Compose V2 RC1](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/releases/tag/v2.0.0-rc.1)
- Go runtime to 1.16.7
- Docker Engine to v20.10.8
- containerd to v1.4.9
- runc to v1.0.1
- Kubernetes to v1.21.3

> - Golang to 1.16.6

Reviewer: Same as above, links!

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed bug where the DNS server would fail after receiving an unexpectedly large datagram.
- Fixed spurious traces on iptables updates.
- Fixed slowness when adding multiple ports forwarding option.
- Fixed bug where the WSL 2 sync code creates dangling symlinks if the WSL 2 home directory is the same as the Windows home directory. Fixed [docker/for-win#11668](https://github.
  com/docker/for-win/issues/11668).
- Fixed `docker context ls` after upgrade from 3.5.x when the Linux WSL 2 home directory is the same as the Windows home directory.

> - Fixed the permissions on `%PROGRAMDATA%\Docker` to avoid a potential Windows containers compromise. See https://github.com/moby/moby/security/advisories/GHSA-8465-jm73-xmj9.

Reviewer 2: The URL gives a 404. Could you please check?

Author: I'll remove that.

- Fixed bug where the Linux home directory under WSL 2 was set to the Windows home directory e.g. `/mnt/c/Users/...`.
- Fixed bug where Desktop would fail to start if it could not parse CLI contexts. Fixes [docker/for-win#11601](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11601).
- Fixed an issue related to log display inside a container [docker/for-win#11251](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11251).
- Fixed failures of the Windows Background Intelligent Transfer Service preventing Docker Desktop to start. [docker/for-win#11273](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11273)

> - Fixed an installation issue when the temp folder contains dots. Fixes [docker/for-win#11514](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11514)

Reviewer 2: Included in 3.5.1 release notes

> - Fixed link to policy regarding uploaded diagnostics data. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5741](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5741)

Reviewer 2: This was included in Desktop 3.5.1 release notes

{% include eula.md %}

## Docker Desktop 3.6.0
2021-08-11

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/win/stable/amd64/66501/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe){: .button .primary-btn}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Download](https://desktop.docker.com/win/stable/amd64/Docker%20Desktop%20Installer.exe?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs-driven-download-win-amd64){: .button .primary-btn}
```

The link for the latest release keeps the same, without a build number in it.

### New

- Dev Environments: You can now create a Dev Environment from your local git repository
- Volume Management: Add sorting to volume list
- Volume Management: Add name search to volumes list

### Upgrades

- [Compose V2 RC1](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/releases/tag/v2.0.0-rc.1)
  - Docker compose command line completion.
  - Allow setting 0 scale/replicas.
  - Detect new container on logs —follow.
- [Go 1.16.7](https://github.com/golang/go/releases/tag/go1.16.7)
- [Docker Engine 20.10.8](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/#20108)
- [containerd v1.4.9](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/releases/tag/v1.4.9)
- [runc v1.0.1](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/releases/tag/v1.0.1)
- [Kubernetes 1.21.3](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.21.3)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed a bug where the DNS server would fail after receiving an unexpectedly large datagram.
- Fixed spurious traces on iptables updates.
- Fixed slowness when adding multiple ports forwarding option.

> - Fixed bug where the WSL 2 sync code creates dangling symlinks if the WSL 2 home directory is the same as the Windows home directory. Fixed [docker/for-win#11668](https://github.
>   com/docker/for-win/issues/11668).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug where the WSL 2 synchonization code creates dangling symlinks if the WSL 2 home directory if it is the same as the Windows home directory. Fixes [docker/for-win#11668](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11668).
```

- Fixed `docker context ls` after upgrade from 3.5.x when the Linux WSL 2 home directory is the same as the Windows home directory.

> - Fixed the permissions on `%PROGRAMDATA%\Docker` to avoid a potential Windows containers compromise.

Reviewer 4: I think this is a CVE, should we give the number and a link? @djs55?

Reviewer 5: This CVE was allocated: https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-37841 . No details are published yet because we were waiting for the binary to ship. Now that it has I guess it's safe to add some :)
The text you have looks fine though.

Author: Ok. I'll add the placeholder here then.

- Fixed bug where the Linux home directory under WSL 2 was set to the Windows home directory e.g. `/mnt/c/Users/...`.
- Fixed bug where Desktop would fail to start if it could not parse CLI contexts. Fixes [docker/for-win#11601](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11601).
- Fixed an issue related to log display inside a container [docker/for-win#11251](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11251).
- Fixed failures of the Windows Background Intelligent Transfer Service preventing Docker Desktop to start. [docker/for-win#11273](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/11273)

> 

Reviewer 4: nit: one blank line too many
